Benedict Cumberbatch
Tilda Switon? Kate McKinnon
Leslie Jones
Sasheer Zamata
Cecily Strong
Melissa Villaseñor
[Starts with SNL monologue intro] [Cut to SNL stage] [Band is playing music]
Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, Benedict Cumberbatch.
[Benedict Cumberbatch walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]
Benedict Cumberbatch: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. It's so, so great to be here hosting Saturday Night Live on the last week of America as we know it. I know the political situation is really tense in America right now. So, you know, I tell you what we British do when the going gets tough and it feels like the whole world's crashing down around you. We drink. We drink so much. But on the brighter note, this weekend is the opening of my movie, Doctor Strange. [cheers and applause] And you know what? It's specially exciting because I get to play a lead in a major Hollywood film. And now more people maybe know my name but they don't really know me. So, I thought I'd try this American past time. I believe it's called bragging. Am I saying that right? Brag. So, indulge me for a moment and allow me to introduce myself. [Slow music starts playing. Leslie, Sasheer, Cecily and Melissa join him dancing in the stage]
Leslie: His name is Benedict.
Sasheer: That's right.

Benedict Cumberbatch: Oh, yeah. now let me tell you something quick and right and good.
Leslie: Give it to them, baby.
Benedict Cumberbatch: [singing] Oscar nominated, I'm the king of the screen
But the greatest swag of all is my CBE from a Queen
Ladies: What's that?
Benedict Cumberbatch: Um, commander of the British Empire. It's sort of like being a knight but a little lower. I got the certificate in the mails.
Ladies: That's cool.

Leslie: You're a knight to me, Benedict. I'm one of you Cumber-bitches..
Benedict Cumberbatch: Oh, yeah. And to be fair, I didn't pick that name for my fans. I would prefer Cumber-people or Cumber-sums. But you know, they're wonderful and devoted people. They write a whole lot of fan fiction about me on the internet. And let me tell you, it's genuinely unsettling.
Ladies: Yes, it's weird.
Leslie: Did you read my story? Sherlock Holmes in the case of the missing underwear?
Benedict Cumberbatch: No, I didn't.
[singing] I don't need to tell you, I know what you're seeing
but every role I play is always some kind of genius


Ladies: He is smart.
Leslie: That's right baby. Like, Sherlock Holmes.
Benedict Cumberbatch: Mr. Genius.
Leslie: Like Khan from Startrek
Benedict Cumberbatch: Evil genius.

Leslie: Alan Turning
Benedict Cumberbatch: Gay computer genius
Leslie: And Doctor Strange.
Benedict Cumberbatch: Genius wearing cloak.
Leslie: Hey, Doctor Strange. I think I feel a lump. Can you feel it?

Benedict Cumberbatch: Leslie, once again, look, I'm not a real medical doctor. And that's not a lump. That's your full breast.
Leslie: Can I get a second opinion?
Benedict Cumberbatch: Maybe later.
[singing] Leading ladies love me and my co-stars are smitten
from Knightley to McAdams and a bald Tilda Switon.

[Bald Tilda Switon walks in behind Benedict Cumberbatch]
Tilda Switon: Hello Benedict.

Benedict Cumberbatch: Whoa! Tilda? How did you get here?
Tilda Switon: I opened a portal by doing this. [gesturing their hands like they do in Doctor Strange] I'm just kidding, I took an Uber pool.
Ladies: Uber pool.
Tilda Switon: Would you like to do a little rif with me?
Benedict Cumberbatch: I would be honored.
Wow-oo-wow-oo-wow, yeah, yeah
[Tilda Switon takes the mic from Benedict Cumberbatch]
Tilda Switon: [singing] Ahhhhhhhhhhh!
Benedict Cumberbatch: Now, what's my name?
Ladies: Benedict Cumberbatch.
Benedict Cumberbatch: Now, sing it nasty.
Ladies: Benedict Cumberbatch.
Benedict Cumberbatch: Now, say it like the queen.
Ladies: Benedict Cumberbatch.
Benedict Cumberbatch: I'm a mother loving Cumberbatch.
Ladies: He's a mother loving Cumberbatch.
Benedict Cumberbatch: The mother loving Cumberbatch.
[music stops]
Well, we got a great show for you here tonight. Solange is here. So stick around and we will be right back. Thank you.
