Dave Chappelle
[Starts with SNL monologue intro] [Cut to SNL stage] [Band is playing music]
Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, Dave Chappelle.
[Dave Chappelle walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]
Dave Chappelle: Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, guys. You know, I know it's been a long time. It's been a lone time. So please be patient. You know, I didn't know that Donald Trump was gonna win the election. I did suspect it. Seem like Hillary was going well in the polls and yet, I know the whites. You guys aren't as full surprising as it used to be. And I think I speak for all black American when I say that we are all praying for Omarosa. I don't even know what she's doing in the news. But America has done it. We've actually elected an internet troll as our president. The whites are furious. Never seen anything like it. I haven't seen whites this mad since O.J. There's a split screen with white people on both sides, [screaming] Ah!!!
Man, I'm not saying I'm enjoying it. I'm just saying I have never seen this before. I watched a white riot in Portland, Oregon on television the other night. News say they did $1 million worth of damage. Every black person was watching there like, "Amateurs!" So, I'm staying out of it. I'm just gonna be like Kaepernick and let the whites figure this out amongst themselves. Because for us, we've been here before. We've been here before. And I don't even think it's the most important thing we're dealing with, man. Don't forget all the things that are going on. Shootings, what do you think about that? All these shootings in the last year. Worse. The worst mass shootings in the history of United States. Pulse nightclub which they said ISIS did. And then turned out that wasn't exactly what happened. If that is what happened then ISIS is scarier than I thought, because they have very deep cover operatives. Look, I've been going out deep for this one, I might have to get a Grindr account and bump a few guys off to throw them off the trail.
I don't think the guy was in ISIS. What happened was he pledged allegiance to ISIS before he did what he did, which is not same as being an ISIS. You know what I mean? Like, I was gonna have sex with a girl and right before I did it, I screamed out "Wutang." That doesn't mean I'm in the Wutang Clan. I'm just shouting Wutang out.
More shootings than I can literally count. You can't even go to the god damn zoo without seeing a shooting out there. They shot a gorilla in my local zoo. And the Cincinnati police said, "Shooting that gorilla was a toughest decision this department ever had make." I said, "Well, you 'bout to see a lot of niggas in gorilla costumes in Cincinnati."
Why do we have to say that? Why do we have to say that 'black lives matter'? Now, I admit that is not the best slogan, but McDonald's already took 'you deserve a break today'. And I guess it's kind of catchy coz everyone else is biting it. Even the police bite it. 'Blue lives matter.' Well, was you born a police? That is not a blue life. That's a blue suit. If you don't like it, take that suit off, find a new job, coz I'ma tell you right now, if I could quit being black today, I'd be out of the game. The next best thing, I became a rich black person. Which is harder than you think coz, you know, your life becomes gentrified. Like, Brooklyn. All your black friends start moving out and all these new white friends start moving in. You find yourself saying things to friends you grew up with that you never dreamed, you'd say, "I'm sorry, nigga. You can't come with us. There's only enough room in the balloon basket for four. Ta-ta."
Donald Trump, he did it. He is our president. And I feel bad to say that I'm staying at a Trump hotel right now. I don't know if he's going to make a good president, but he makes a swell hotel suite, I'ma tell you that. Housekeeping comes in in the morning and cleans my room and I just? "Hey, good morning, housekeeping", grab big handful of pussy. "Boss said it was okay." Sorry about that, Lorne.
All my black friends who have money said the same thing when Trump got elected. "That's it, bro. I'm out. I'm leaving the country. You coming with us?" "Na, I'm good dawg. I'm gonna stay here and get this tax break and see how it works out." Coz that's how it's being Dave Chappelle. First time I got some money, it didn't work out like that. Most unlikely thing happened ever. This black president came out of nowhere like, "Come on everybody, let's start thinking about everyone else." [screaming] "Oh, nigga! I just got this money! I didn't even think it was possible."

Trump went to go see Obama last week. You see that? Yeah. You see Trump's face when he came out the meeting? Trump got stunned. He looked shook. Trump looked like he got shook. He probably came in there, [mimicking Donald Trump and Barack Obama] "Hi, how are you Mr. President? Good to see you." "Hello, Donald. How are you feeling?" "Oh god! Got to tell you. This job looks like its gonna be a lot harder than I thought." "Really? It's not that hard. I mean, at least you get to be white while you're doing it." "I'm just saying, I'ma a little nervous." "Nervous? Come on, man! Relax. You haven't even met the aliens yet. It's gonna be alright."
I don't know what he's gonna do. But I know Obama did a good job. Obama did a good job. I think we'll all miss him when he's gone. Do you agree with this? [audience whooping] And thank god he lived to tell about it. He was the first black dude that ever heard of America's secrets. I'm happy he lived. If someone threaten our president, that is the only time that I'd want him to be stereotypically black. He'll be on the news like, "An assassination attempt was carried out today on the United States president. In the bizarre sequence of events, the president himself was armed, fired back killing four people had nothing to do with the incident. He then ripped off his shirt, screamed out "Chi-town" for some reason.
You know, before I go, I do wanna say one thing. This is not a joke. But I think it's important that I say this. Coz they're marching up in streets right now as we speak. A few weeks ago, I went to the White House for a party. It was the first time I've been there in many years. And it was very exciting. And BET had sponsored the party. So, everyone there was black. And it was beautiful. I walked through the gates. I'm from Washington, so I saw the bus stop. Well, the corner of the bus stop used to be where I used to catch the bus to school and dream about nights like tonight. It was really, really beautiful night. And at the end of the night, everyone went at the west wing of the White House. And there was a huge party. And everybody in there was black except for Bradley Cooper for some reason. And on the walls were pictures of all the presidents of the past. Now, I'm not sure if this is true, but to my knowledge, the first black person that was officially invited to the White House was Frederick Douglass. They stopped him at the gates. Abraham Lincoln had to walk out himself and escort Frederick Douglass into the White House. And it did happen again as far as I know until Franklin D. Roosevelt was president. When Roosevelt was president, he had a black guy over and got so much flat from the media that he literally said, "I will never have a nigger in this house again." I thought about that and I looked at that room and I saw all those black faces and Bradley, and I saw how happy everybody was. These people who had been historically disenfranchised. And it made me feel hopeful, and it made me proud to be an American, and it made me very happy about the prospects of our country. So, in that spirit, I'm wishing Donald Trump luck and I'm gonna give him a chance and we, the historically disenfranchised demand that he give us 1-2. Thank you very much.
We've got a great show tonight. Ladies and gentlemen, A Tribe Called Quest is in the building. Don't go anywhere, we will be right back.
