Felicity Jones
Jyn Erso ? Kenan Thompson
Tina Fey
Leslie Jones
[Starts with SNL monologue intro] [Cut to SNL stage] [Band is playing music]
Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, Felicity Jones.
[Felicity Jones walks in and to the stage] [cheers and applause]
Felicity Jones: Thank you. Thank you. It's so great to be here hosting the first show of 2017. I've been in several films this year. But I'm here tonight because of an Indie Movie I'm in called 'Rogue One: A Star Wars Story.' I play Jyn Erso. It's very cool to be the lead in the film especially as a woman. I didn't get to use a light saber in the movie, but I did get to transfer a very large data file. So, all very exciting. Watch out for my action figure which comes complete with dropbox account. 'Rogue One' is the first spinoff movie in the 'Star Wars' universe. There's an upcoming movie about 'Young Han Solo', and also the first NC-17 Star Wars movie, 'The Force Arouses'.
This is all very exciting, but I'll have to admit that I'm-
[Jyn Erso walks in]
Jyn Erso: Jyn!
Felicity Jones: -nervous about the show. Hi.

Jyn Erso: Is that you? Jyn Erso.
Felicity Jones: Saw Garrera?
Jyn Erso: It is you, Jyn! I have some urgent news. [takes a breath through a mask]
Felicity Jones: What are you breathing from that mask?
Jyn Erso: Wouldn't you like to know? Felicity, I heard you needed help with your SNL hosting mission. I have a message from an old friend.
[Jyn Erso puts something on the ground and leaves. A hologram of Tina Fey appears in front of Felicity Jones.]
Tina Fey: Felicity! Felicity!
Felicity Jones: Oh my god! Oh my god! Tina Fey! You're in a head scarf. Are you a Star Wars princess?

Tina Fey: No, I just- I bought this Eileen Fisher. They have amazing deals after the holidays.
Felicity Jones: Why are you a hologram? Are you like Tupac?
Tina Fey: In so many ways. Yes. Except that Dr. Dre that I'm friend's with is my podiatrist. Felicity, I hear you're hosting SNL.
Felicity Jones: Yes. Yes. I'm a bit nervous to be honest.
Tina Fey: No, don't be. If Steven Seagal can do it, so can you. All you need to do is go out there and do your best. Don't worry about what the reviews say.
Felicity Jones: Does this show get reviewed?

Tina Fey: Yes. Way too much. Also, no matter how it goes, the president of the United States will say it's sad and overrated.
Felicity Jones: The president?
Tina Fey: [laughing] Yeah! The president. It's fine, no one cares. But Felicity, listen to me. Tonight there will be lots of sketches and you're not always going to be the funny one. Here's a rule. If your first line in a sketch is, "Hey guys, I hope you don't mind that I brought my friend Ray Ray," then you're not the funny one.
Felicity Jones: Yeah. I suspected that was the case.
Tina Fey: Also, if Leslie Jones suddenly appears at the end of a sketch acting vaguely horny and angry at everyone, it means the writers couldn't think of an ending.

Felicity Jones: Sure. I've only met Leslie once and she called me Downtown Abby.
Tina Fey: Well, that's a term of endearment. She calls anyone that who is white and British. And remember, if all else fails, you should know that back in season 35, I put a fatal flaw in the system. If you take out Kenan Thompson, the studio will explode.
Felicity Jones: Is that why he's been on the show so long?
[Kenan Thompson walks in, still wearing Jyn Erso costume]
Kenan: Well, that and he has a family.
[Kenan Thompson walks out]
Felicity Jones: I see. Thanks, Tina, your advice has been so helpful. Is there anything that I can do for you?

Tina Fey: Yes. You must get this message to J.J. Abrams. Tell him I am technically available to act in films.
[Leslie Jones walks in]
Leslie: [loud voice] Felicity! Ha-ha! Whoo, girl! Why you talking to that white lady from Whiskey Tango? It is making me angry and horny.
Tina Fey: See? There it is. Now go out there and make it happen.
Felicity Jones: I'll try my best. [the hologram disappears] We have got a great show tonight.  Sturgill Simpson is here.  Stick around and we will be right back.
